[oneTBB] Add task_scheduler_handle (#358)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneTBB/source/task_scheduler/scheduling_controls/task_scheduler_handle_cls.rst

.. cpp:function:: task_scheduler_handle(task_scheduler_handle&& other) noexcept

    **Effects**: Creates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that references the task scheduler referenced by ``other``. In turn, ``other`` releases its reference to the task scheduler.

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: task_scheduler_handle& operator=(task_scheduler_handle&& other) noexcept

    **Effects**: If not empty, releases a reference to the task scheduler referenced by ``this``. Adds a reference to the task scheduler referenced by ``other``.
    In turn, ``other`` releases its reference to the task scheduler.
    **Returns**: A reference to ``*this``.

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: explicit operator bool() const noexcept

    **Returns**: ``true`` if ``this`` is not empty and refers to some task scheduler; ``false`` otherwise.

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: void release()

    **Effects**: If not empty, releases a reference to the task scheduler and deactivates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle``

>     class; no effect otherwise. Non-blocking method.

Author: ```suggestion
    class; otherwise, does nothing. Non-blocking method.
```

>     class; otherwise, does nothing. Non-blocking method.

Reviewer: I do not know the reason why Alexei Katranov have mentioned this, but it seems like the important thing.

Non-member Functions
--------------------

.. cpp:function:: void finalize(task_scheduler_handle& handle)

>     **Effects**: If ``handle`` is not empty, blocks the program execution until all worker threads have been completed; no effect otherwise.

Author: ```suggestion
    **Effects**: If ``handle`` is not empty, blocks the program execution until all worker threads have been completed; otherwise, does nothing.
```

    Throws the ``oneapi::tbb::unsafe_wait`` exception if it is not safe to wait for the completion of the worker threads.

The following conditions should be met for finalization to succeed:

- No active, not yet terminated, instances of ``task_arena`` class exist in the whole program.
- ``task_scheduler_handle::release`` is called for each other active instance of ``task_scheduler_handle`` class, possibly by different application threads.

Under these conditions, it is guaranteed that at least one ``finalize`` call succeeds,
at which point all worker threads have been completed.
If calls are performed simultaneously, more than one call might succeed.

.. note::

    If user knows how many active ``task_scheduler_handle`` instances exist in the program,
    it is necessary to ``release`` all but the last one, then call ``finalize`` for
    the last instance.

.. caution::

  The method always fails if called within a task, a parallel algorithm, or a flow graph node.

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: bool finalize(task_scheduler_handle& handle, const std::nothrow_t&) noexcept

>     **Effects**: If ``handle`` is not empty, blocks the program execution until all worker threads have been completed; no effect otherwise.

Author: ```suggestion
    **Effects**: If ``handle`` is not empty, blocks the program execution until all worker threads have been completed; otherwise, does nothing.
```

thread until the completion of all worker threads that were implicitly created by the library.

.. code:: cpp

    // Defined in header <oneapi/tbb/global_control.h>

    namespace oneapi {
        namespace tbb {

            class task_scheduler_handle {
            public:
                task_scheduler_handle() = default;
                task_scheduler_handle(oneapi::tbb::attach);
                ~task_scheduler_handle();

                task_scheduler_handle(const task_scheduler_handle& other) = delete;
                task_scheduler_handle(task_scheduler_handle&& other) noexcept;
                task_scheduler_handle& operator=(const task_scheduler_handle& other) = delete;
                task_scheduler_handle& operator=(task_scheduler_handle&& other) noexcept;

                explicit operator bool() const noexcept;

                void release();
            };

            void finalize(task_scheduler_handle& handle);
            bool finalize(task_scheduler_handle& handle, const std::nothrow_t&) noexcept;

        } // namespace tbb
    } // namespace oneapi

Member Functions
----------------

.. cpp:function:: task_scheduler_handle()

>     **Effects**: Creates an empty instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that does not contain any reference to the task scheduler.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Effects**: Creates an empty instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that does not contain any references to the task scheduler.
```

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: ~task_scheduler_handle()

    **Effects**: Destroys an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class.
    If not empty, releases a reference to the task scheduler and deactivates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class.

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: task_scheduler_handle(task_scheduler_handle&& other) noexcept

    **Effects**: Creates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle`` class that references the task scheduler referenced by ``other``. In turn, ``other`` releases its reference to the task scheduler.

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: task_scheduler_handle& operator=(task_scheduler_handle&& other) noexcept

    **Effects**: If not empty, releases a reference to the task scheduler referenced by ``this``. Adds a reference to the task scheduler referenced by ``other``.
    In turn, ``other`` releases its reference to the task scheduler.
    **Returns**: A reference to ``*this``.

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: explicit operator bool() const noexcept

>     **Returns**: ``true`` if ``this`` is not empty and references any task scheduler; ``false`` otherwise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Returns**: ``true`` if ``this`` is not empty and refers to some task scheduler; ``false`` otherwise.
```

    **Returns**: ``true`` if ``this`` references any task scheduler; ``false`` otherwise.

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: void release()

>     **Effects**: Releases a reference to the task scheduler and deactivates an instance of the ``task_scheduler_handle``

Reviewer 3: Please, specify semantic when calling `release` on empty handle

Author: So, there are two options: guaranteed no-op or UB/assert/implicit no-op? No-op seems better, what do you think?

Reviewer 3: I think guaranteed no-op is a good choice here and it is in line with standard deallocation approach (free, delete, unique_ptr.reset(), etc all no-op on null pointers), and also I think we already have code that relies on that bahavior for handle :)

>     class; no effect otherwise. Non-blocking method.

Reviewer 2: I think we can not mention that **no effect otherwise**. Because this block actually describes effects only.

Author: reworked

    class. Non-blocking method.

Non-member Functions
--------------------

> .. cpp:function:: void finalize(task_scheduler_handle& handle)

Reviewer 3: Also specify semantic with empty handle

>     **Effects**: If ``handle`` is not empty, blocks the program execution until all worker threads have been completed; no effect otherwise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Effects**: If ``handle`` is not empty, blocks the program execution until all worker threads have been completed.
```

Reviewer 2: same here

Author: reworked

    Throws the ``oneapi::tbb::unsafe_wait`` exception if it is not safe to wait for the completion of the worker threads.

The following conditions should be met for finalization to succeed:

> - No active (not yet terminated) instances of class ``task_arena`` exist in the whole program;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- No active, not yet terminated, instances of ``task_arena`` class exist in the whole program.
```

> - ``task_scheduler_handle::release`` is called for each other active instance of class ``task_scheduler_handle``, possibly by different application threads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ``task_scheduler_handle::release`` is called for each other active instance of ``task_scheduler_handle`` class, possibly by different application threads.
```

Under these conditions, it is guaranteed that at least one ``finalize`` call succeeds,
at which point all worker threads have been completed.
If calls are performed simultaneously, more than one call might succeed.

.. note::

>     If you know how many active ``task_scheduler_handle`` instances exist in the program,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If user knows how many active ``task_scheduler_handle`` instances exist in the program,
```

Reviewer 2: It is recommended to use user instead of you in specs

    it is necessary to ``release`` all but the last one, then call ``finalize`` for
    the last instance.

.. caution::

  The method always fails if called within a task, a parallel algorithm, or a flow graph node.

-------------------------------------------------------

.. cpp:function:: bool finalize(task_scheduler_handle& handle, const std::nothrow_t&) noexcept

>     **Effects**: If ``handle`` is not empty, blocks the program execution until all worker threads have been completed; no effect otherwise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Effects**: If ``handle`` is not empty, blocks the program execution until all worker threads have been completed.
```

Author: reworked

>     Same as above, but returns ``true`` if all worker threads have been completed successfully, or ``false`` if it is not safe to wait for 

Reviewer 2: Specify what you meant by **same as above**, cause user can only be interested in this function and does not read the whole doc

    threads have been completed successfully, or ``false`` if it is not safe to wait for the completion of the worker threads.

Examples
--------

.. code:: cpp

    #include <oneapi/tbb/global_control.h>
    #include <oneapi/tbb/parallel_for.h>

    #include <iostream>

    int main() {
        oneapi::tbb::task_scheduler_handle handle;

>         handle = oneapi::tbb::task_scheduler_handle{oneapi::tbb::attach{}};

Author: I tried to show how to initialize default constructed handle with the simplest way. Do you have better ideas?

>         handle = oneapi::tbb::task_scheduler_handle{oneapi::tbb::attach{}};

Reviewer: Agree, the conversation can be marked as resolved.
